today here's what you'll need fabric and
vintage scarves scrap fabric with
finished edges or these pre-made rushing
across from Louisville all work you also
need a gift and your pins I'll show you
three ways first a basic wrap lay out
your cloth inside facing up and put your
gift facing down on your side of center
at a right angle to the diagonal mixer
roll the fabric around the box so the
upper corner flaps over the top lift up
both ends and tie a square knot so it's
either left end over right then right
over left or vice versa before you fully
tighten let out the ends then tighten
and keep it a little second a four petal
left
lay out your cloth again inside facing
up with a gift at a right angle to the
diagnose this time right in the middle
take two opposite corners bring them
together and tie a square knot take the
little finagling with fabrics like this
that are thicker and slippery then take
the two remaining corners and fold them
up eating like so and tie another knot
if you done third and envelope flap this
one's good for smallish flattish things
even cards first lay out your cloth with
a gift at the center just like you did
before fold the left edge in in the
right edgy then pull the upper flap over
the top of the gift
finally just tuck the excess plop into
the fold
and there you have it I'm gonna go find
these are my people for more ideas like
this check out ideal
you